Now, at a little bit about again, in a way, we look back to these nine yanas, and take
highlight of their principle views and their meditations. What is the principle view of
the Shavaka yanas? It is egolessness. Ego, "prinned ego" is the principle view of the
Shavaka yanas. What is the principle view of the PÄrthi Buddhas? It is egolessness. Same
thing, above that, the object is egolessness. That is in the old ways teaching said, "one
and a half realization of the egolessness." Above that, bodhisattva yanas, what is that?
And that is, again, great emptiness from every extremes, and bring to the middle. And that's
called Mademaka. And Mademaka doesn't mean there is something to hold in the center.
Even that relates. That means nothing to hold. Nothing to focus and grasp clean. Every corner
of the grasping is gone. Every angle of the grasping is released. Now we are at open state
of the sky, vastness sky that has nothing to hold, hold our grasping. Clean. So clean on.
And then, Kariya Tantra. Sing everything again, same as absolute level, same as Mahayana.
So the bodhisattva yanas, like adding now the deeds, three principle deeds, adding that
in a related level and practices. Above that, in Upayana, united together of the will of
the Kriya Tantra and the Yoga Tantras. In a way, kundra and the will, togya, and that
is known as Upayana. And then, in Upayana, again, in the absolute level is the same as
all, everything, same. And through that, activating the realizations of the whole Buddha status.
Within that. Above that, what? In the Mahayava, Mahayava status, the total economic status,
pure and economic status, is the realization or the will of the Mahayavas. Mahayava. And
Anayoga, everything is within the middle of the great blissfulness of the bodhisattva.
And Atayava, everything is concluded within the awareness. Awareness is the ultimate state
of the natural and exploring everything from that status. And that is the will of all these
yanas. With that, and then we meditate and we practice. As I said so many times, and
we all know, this is to practice, we need joy, devotion, bodhicata, courage, and commitment.
And then all those beautiful kundra in the teaching set. Humble, humility, all that.
And contentment, and relax, and all that. And that is it.
Now, Togli, you'll be aboard this. What is the conduct of this? This. And each yana,
this outer tantra, inner tantra has specific instructions how to keep up these practices.
Those are known as then, how to maintain. Now we've got the will, we've got the meditation,
but we have to keep up this. This is an expertise instruction as when we plant the seed or when
we like to grow, we get tips from the nurses. Similarly, we have to keep up this.
These are the guidelines that will make us to grow strong, and deep, and healthy, and
bluesal, bluesal. And therefore, this instruction in the teaching is known as then the samayas.
Samayas are that we have beautiful booklets, are named as sterling skins.
There's 14 downfall, roots, or downfalls, and eight big ones in the teaching.
We have beautiful booklet that we translated, as you can see. Those are the principles
that encompasses to all the other tantras. And then, each time, also to summarize that,
we can summarize in the samayas of five dhyana-buddhas, all the guidelines of the five dhyana-budd
has.
Those five dhyana-buddhas are the Venerajana, Akhava, Ratna Sambaba, or the Vedya Sattva,
Ratna Sambaba, and Amitabha, and Amogasiddhas. Those are the five dhyana-buddhas, five dhyana-budd
has.
And these five dhyana-buddhas or rules and guidelines, samayas are, first is, is moralities.
Last of the Venerajana is moralities. Morality, together with bodhicitta and rafuddhas,
because that is our foundation. With that big foundation of the morality, bodhicitta, rafuddhas,
we are going to grow. That is our soil, our grown. Then, with that, above that, what is?
Morality that encompasses entirely all those dhyana's teachings, we went through roughly yesterday,
the day before, and all that. Nothing is neglected here, because it is full here for keeping up
that.
And then, the Apto-Bhava's bonds are keeping the bell and Vedya. This is the bell and Vedya,
which means, also, skillful means the wisdom target, that you are holding, the target without separ
ations.
And then, Rana-Sambhava's or samayas are known as then, then the four generous activities that you
perform.
Those are the material generosity, as well as protection, and then the words of the wisdom
generosity,
finally, generosity of loving kindness. Those are known as the samayas of the Ratnasana.
Rata means, what? Luxurious, prosperous. So, you have given abundance of that, and keeping up
yourself there,
and giving that to the others. That is the samaya of the Rana-Sambhava's.
And then, Amidhava's samayas are holding all the teachings, keeping up all the teachings,
both the academic level and the meaning levels. And that is known as the Pia-Drava-Sungra, as you
said this time.
Kepa and Dhrupa, holding up their teachings. All the teachings, the entire teachings of the Buddha
Chagtamana,
from the Shravakayana to the Ahti-Yogas, holding up that, keeping up that.
And then, what is the samaya of the Amo-Gasanas, performing all the beneficial activities?
It's within the contracts of precautions. And plus, keeping up your commitment, your words,
such as ceremonial, official, things like timely that what you say to do practice, what you engage,
keeping up our commitment, keeping up our words, not let fail down that on the ground in a ditch.
And keeping up all those beautiful visions, goals. And then, keep up and share that to the others
according to their readiness and capabilities, yours or ours and others.
That is known as the Brihli Samaya of the Vedayana teachings.
A very condensed way, a very high, wide way. And we keep that. We are keeping up, then, generally,
samayas.
That means, when we keep the samaya, that we are good, developed, we are growing.
We are deepening and growing. So that is.